6-1
1. Take one pill from the first bottle, two pills from the second bottle and so on so forth.
2. Measure the total weight of the pills that have been taken out.
3. The heavy bottle number should be (w - 20) / 0.1 where w is the total weight.


6-2
It is impossible. Assume it is possible to cover the entire 8x8 chess board with 31 dominos, then with the same pattern, it should be possible to implement it on 6x6 chess board with 17 dominos, 4x4 chess board with 7 dominos, 2x2 chess board with 1 domino. Apparently, in a 2x2 chess board with two diagonal corners being cut off, it is impossible to do so. Therefore, the assumption is not valid at this point.


6-3
1. Fill the five-quart jug with full of water.
2. Pour the water from five-quart jug into three-quart jug and make the three-quart jug full. Therefore, there is two-quart water remaining in the five-quart jug.
3. Pour away the water in three-quart jug.
4. Pour all the remaining water (two-quart) in the five-quart jug into the three-quart jug.
5. Fully fill the five-quart jug.
6. Pour the water from the five-quart jug into the three-quart jug until the three-quart jug becomes full.
7. The remaining water in five-quart jug is exactly four-quart.


6-4
If there are n people with blue eyes, then it will take n days for the blue eyes people to leave.
1. Suppose there is only one guy who has blue eyes, on the first day, he will notice that all other people do not have blue eyes. Then he can infer that he is the only person who should leave...
2. If there are two people with blue eyes, then on the first day, they will consider each other to be the only blue eyes on the island. But on the second day, they will find that no one took the flight and they realize they have blue eyes himself. Then they left together. For normal people, they will see that there are two blue eyes people, so they should wait three days.
3. The rest can be inferred in the same manner...
[Comment: There is no mirror on the island for sure.]


6-5
1. We divide the 100 floors into multiple intervals and assume we start droping from floor x. 
2. To ensure that two eggs would be enough to find N, we use the strategy that drop the first egg on the floor of each interval. 
3. If the first egg breaks, we drop the second egg on each floor starting from the last successful one. To make sure that we are decreasing the number of potential drops for the second egg. We reduce the size of the interval on each try.
4. In the worst case, the total drops becomes x + (x - 1) + (x - 2) + ... + 1.
5. If we let x + (x - 1) + (x - 2) + ... + 1 = 100, we can get x = 14.
6. To summary, we will drop the first egg on the 14th floor, then 27th floor (14 + 13 = 27), then 39th floor (14 + 13 + 12 = 39) until the egg breaks. Then we drop the second egg floor by floor. 
[Comment: From personal experience, apparently the egg will break from the second floor! It is egg!]


6-6
1. For locker i, the number of being toggled depends on the number of its factors.
2. If the number of factor is odd, then the locker will be open at the end.
3. Only the perfect squares has the number of factors which is odd. (Because the square root only counts one time)
4. From 1 to 100, there are 10 perfect squares. So there will be 10 lockers remain open.